                 MEDFESTCARE TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
PLEASE NOTE THAT YOUR USE OF AND ACCESS TO THE SERVICES (AS DEFINED BELOW) ARE SUBJECT TO THE FOLLOWING TERMS; IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THESE TERMS, YOU MAY NOT USE OR ACCESS THE SERVICES IN ANY MANNER.


1. TERMS OF USE
The following Terms and Conditions (the “Terms”) is a contract between you and MEDFEST_APP LIMITED (“MEDFESTCARE”), a private limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Federal Republic of Nigeria.
These Terms govern your use of MEDFESTCARE Medical wallet(MCMW) Application (“MEDFESTCARE”) or MEDFESTCARE Application, MEDFESTCARE medical wallet (MCMW) is a unique mobile application that 
    • helps you as a client to locate accredited medical and allied facilities i.e. hospitals, clinics, diagnostics, pharmacies and other medical outlets closest to you via the MEDFESTCARE adapted map 
    • as well as settle medical bills from your personal MCMW at our accredited medical oulets,
    •   To receive payments from your clients as a hospital/clinic diagnostic or pharmacy. By using the Services, you agree to be bound by the Terms. "You" and "your" mean the person who uses or accesses the Services. "We," "us," and "our" mean MEDFESTCARE, its successors, affiliates, and assignees. As used in these Terms, "MEDFESTCARE Account" means the account you have with us for the Services.
By registering and signing up to use the MEDFESTCARE Medical Wallet Mobile Application, you agree that you have read, understood, and accepted all of the Terms contained in this Agreement. You also accept and agree that you are solely responsible for understanding and complying with all laws, rules and regulations that may be applicable to your use of the application.
This Agreement is legally binding and serves to govern your use of the MEDFESTCARE App. PLEASE READ AND UNDERSTAND THE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THEM.
Your use of and access to the Services are subject at all times to these Terms and our Privacy Policy.  Please read these Terms and our Privacy Policy carefully. By using or accessing the Services, you represent that you have read and understand these Terms and our Privacy Policy and you agree to be bound by these Terms and our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to any of the terms and conditions of these Terms and our Privacy Policy, do not use or access the Services.
CONSENT TO USE ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES AND COMMUNICATION
Consent - To the extent permitted by applicable laws, you consent to use electronic signatures and to electronically receive all records, notices, statements, communications, and other items for all services provided to you under these Terms and in connection with your relationship with us (collectively, "Communications") that we may otherwise be required to send or provide you in paper form (e.g., by mail). By accepting and agreeing to these Terms electronically, you represent that: (1) you have read and understand this consent to use electronic signatures and to receive Communications electronically; and (2) your consent will remain in effect until you withdraw your consent as specified below.
Your Right to Withdraw Your Consent
 Your consent to receive Communications electronically will remain in effect until you withdraw it. You may withdraw your consent to receive further Communications electronically at any time by contacting us at hello@medfestcare. If you withdraw your consent to receive Communications electronically, we will close your MEDFESTCARE Account and and you will no longer be able to use your MEDFESTCARE Account or the Services, except as expressly provided in these Terms. Any withdrawal of your consent to receive Communications electronically will be effective only after we have a reasonable period of time to process your withdrawal. Please note that withdrawal of your consent to receive Communications electronically will not apply to Communications electronically provided by us to you before the withdrawal of your consent becomes effective.
You Must Keep Your Contact Information Current With Us
 In order to ensure that we are able to provide Communications to you electronically, you must notify us of any change in your email address and your mobile device number or other text message address by updating your profile on the MEDFESTCARE App.
Changes
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to discontinue the provision of electronic Communications or to terminate or change the terms and conditions on which we provide electronic Communications. Except as otherwise required by applicable law, we will notify you of any such termination or change by updating these Terms on the Website or delivering notice of such termination or change electronically.

ELIGIBILITY
To register a MEDFESTCARE Account and use our Services, you must be at least 18 years old, with full legal capacity to accept these Terms and enter into any transaction on the MEDFESTCARE App. If as a parent or guardian, you become aware that your child or ward has provided us with any information without your consent, please contact us immediately at hello@medfestcare.app
Your eligibility to use the MEDFESTCARE App also depends on the country you reside in. Currently, MEDFESTCARE operates only in Nigeria, and is only available to users who have Nigerian bank accounts.
You may use the Services only if you agree to form a binding contract with MEDFESTCARE and are not a person barred from receiving services under the laws of the applicable jurisdiction.

ABOUT MEDFESTCARE 
MEDFESTCARE App is a unique mobile application that helps you locate accredited medical facilities (hospitals, clinics, diagnostics, pharmacies and other medical outlets) closest to you via the MEDFESTCARE adapted map as well as settle medical bills from your personal MCW. MCW helps you save money for health care. You can help your friends and family settle medical bills by proxy and also access free health care.
MEDFESTCARE Provides its users with the following Services via its MEDFESTCARE App.
    • Medical wallet feature 1: This feature allows you to settle hospital/Lab bills and pay for medications procured at any pharmacy from your MEDFESTCARE Wallet. You can also settle friends or family's medical bills by proxy. Money in your wallet is not withdrawable into your bank and can only be used to make payments at only Government accredited health care outlets.
    • Free Health Care Feature: This feature allows you to access free health care services at any pharmacy, laboratory and Hospital sponsored by the public, philanthropists or aid agencies Please note: The free health care feature is made possible through the donations of philanthropists and the public. The Free health care feature will not be available to any subscriber if the free health care wallet is not funded by philanthropists, the public, or aid agencies aforementioned.
    • Location Feature: With this feature you can go anywhere and see the hospitals, clinics, pharmacies, diagnostic centres or any medical outlet registered with us nearest to you with the medfestcare map.
    • Medical Wallet Feature 2: This feature allows you to save a percentage of your monthly earnings into your wallet which comes in handy for future health care needs. 
    • Donation Feature: This feature allows individuals or corporate organisations to donate to the free health care course.
    • Merchant Feature: This feature is only available for hospitals/clinics, diagnostics and pharmacies registered with MEDFESTCARE to recieve payments only from MEDFESTCARE clients/users.
USING THE MEDFESTCARE APP
To register, open, use and run a MEDFESTCARE Account, you may be required to submit certain information, including but not limited to your name, email address, phone number, online credentials for your bank account, and such other information as we may request from time to time (collectively, “User Information”). For hospitals/clinics and diagnostics you may be required to submit documents of proof of operational worthiness.
You represent and warrant that you own the email address or mobile phone number you register with and all information entered or collected in the course of creating your MEDFESTCARE Account and any information you subsequently add or update from your settings is true, accurate, current and complete, and you agree not to misrepresent your identity or your User Information. If we approve your registration, you will be authorised to use the Services, subject to these Terms.
You will also need a mobile phone (Android or iOS), internet connection and a valid bank account to use the MEDFESTCARE App and our Services therein.
For our compliance purposes and in order to provide the Services to you, you hereby authorise us to, directly or through a third-party, obtain, verify, and record information and documentation that helps us verify your identity and bank account information. When you register for the Services and from time to time thereafter, we may require you to provide and/or confirm information and documentation that will allow us to identify you, such as:
    • a copy of your valid means of identification, such as a passport or driver’s licence;
    • a copy of a utility bill, or other bill, dated within three months of our request, with your name and Nigerian street address on it; and such other information and documentation that we may require from time to time.

RESTRICTIONS ON USING THE SERVICES
Your use of the Services must comply with all applicable law. If your use of the Services is prohibited by applicable law, then you are not authorised to use the Services. We are not responsible if you use the Services in any manner that violates applicable law.
You agree not to authorise any other person or entity to use your username and password or mobile device to access the Services. You are solely responsible for the maintenance, confidentiality, and security of your username, password, and other User Information. Except as otherwise required by applicable law, you are responsible for all transactions and other activities authorised or performed using your username and password or mobile device, whether authorised or unauthorised by you. Except as otherwise expressly stated in these Terms or required by applicable law, we are not responsible for any losses arising out of the loss or theft of your User Information or your mobile device or from unauthorised or fraudulent transactions associated with your MEDFESTCARE Account.
WARRANTY DISCLAIMER
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW AND EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THESE TERMS, YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES AND ALL INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, AND OTHER CONTENT (INCLUDING THAT OF THIRD PARTIES) INCLUDED OR ACCESSIBLE FROM THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE AND OUR THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS, AND WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND AS TO THE SERVICES AND ALL INFORMATION, PRODUCTS AND OTHER CONTENT (INCLUDING THAT OF THIRD PARTIES) INCLUDED IN OR ACCESSIBLE FROM THE SERVICES, WHETHER EXPRESSED, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WE AND OUR THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT (A) THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS (B) THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, (C) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE (D) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR SPECIFICATIONS OR (E) ANY ERRORS IN THE SERVICES WILL BE CORRECTED. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE OBTAINED BY YOU FROM US OR OUR THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICES WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THESE TERMS.
ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE SERVICES IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AGREE THAT MEDFESTCARE, ITS AFFILIATES AND THIEIR RESPECTIVE EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS AND THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR (A) PERFORMANCE OF THE SERVICES OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES; (B) ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, EVEN IF SUCH PERSONS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, WHICH ARISE OUT OF OR ARE IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THESE TERMS, THE SERVICES, OR CONTENT; AND (C) ANY EVENT BEYOND OUR REASONABLE CONTROL. WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DELAYED PAYMENTS, WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE IN INSTANCES WHEN MONEY IS SENT TO A WRONG USER.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
Unless otherwise stated, MEDFESTCARE and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights and materials on the MEDFESTCARE App and website. We do not grant you any right, licence, title or interest to any of our intellectual property rights which you may or may not have access to.

PROHIBITED USES
You shall not use your MEDFESTCARE Account to engage in the following categories of activities (“Prohibited Uses”). The specific types of use listed below are representative, but not exhaustive. If you are not clear on whether or not your use of the Services involves a Prohibited Use, please contact us at hello@medfestcare.app. By accepting these Terms, you confirm that you shall not use your MEDFESTCARE Account for any of the following:
    • Unlawful activity: this includes any activity which violates, or assists in the violation of any law, statute, regulation or sanctions in Nigeria.
    • Fraud: this includes any activity which defrauds MEDFESTCARE or other MEDFESTCARE users or any other person; or providing any false, inaccurate or misleading information to MEDFESTCARE.
    • Intellectual property infringement: this involves engaging in any activities that may infringe or violate any copyright, trademark, right of publicity or privacy or any other proprietary right under the law including but not limited to the use of MEDFESTCARE’s intellectual property, name or logo, without express consent from MEDFESTCARE or in a manner that otherwise harms the MEDFESTCARE brand.
    • Abuse other users: this includes any activity which interferes with another user’s access to the Services, including defamation, extorting, abusing, harassing, threating or violating the rights and privacy of other users.
INTEREST ON THE FUNDS HELD IN MEDFESTCARE ACCOUNTS
You agree that you will not receive interest or other earnings on the funds in your MEDFESTCARE wallet.
COST OF SERVICE
A subscription fee of #2000(?) per year for Healthy Subscribers (HS) category and #5000 per year for Very Healthy Subscriber (VHS) category 

BREACHES OF THESE TERMS       
If you breach these Terms in any way. MEDFESTCARE may take such actions as it deems appropriate to deal with the breach, including suspending and prohibiting you access to your MEDFESTCARE Account, and/or instituting legal proceedings against you.

MISCELLANEOUS
Amendment 
MEDFESTCARE reserves the right to add to or terminate any of the Services or amend these Terms at any time, in our sole discretion, without providing notice to you, subject to applicable law. We reserve the right, to deliver to you any notice of changes to existing terms or the addition of new terms by posting an updated version of these Terms on the MEDFESTCARE App, website or delivering notice thereof to you electronically. You are free to decide whether or not to accept a revised version of these Terms, but accepting these Terms, as revised, is required for you to continue accessing or using the Services. If you do not agree to these Terms or any revised version of these Terms, your sole recourse is to terminate your access or use of the Services. Except as otherwise expressly stated by us, your access and use of the Services are subject to, and constitute your acceptance of, the version of these Terms in effect at the time of your access or use.
Assignment 
You may not transfer, assign, or delegate these Terms or your rights or obligations hereunder or your MEDFESTCARE Account in any way (by operation of law or otherwise) without our prior written consent. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may transfer, assign, or delegate these Terms and our rights and obligations hereunder without your consent.
Indemnity 
At our request, you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless MEDFESTCARE, its affiliates and their respective employees, officers, directors, agents, and third-party service providers from and against any and all claims, suits, liabilities, damages (actual and consequential), losses, fines, penalties, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising from or in any way related to any third-party claims relating to your use of the Services, violation of these Terms, applicable law or any third-party rights, or your fraud or wilful misconduct. Such indemnified parties reserve the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will cooperate in asserting any available defenses.
Force Majeure 
We shall not be liable for any delay or failure to perform as required by these Terms as a result of any cause or condition including but not limited to, an act of God, epidemic, pandemic, act of civil or military authorities, act of terrorists, civil disturbance, war, strike or other labour dispute, fire, interruption in telecommunications or internet services or network provider services, failure of equipment and/or software or any other occurrence which is beyond our reasonable control and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
Severability 
In the event that any provision of these Terms is determined to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, such provision shall be deemed to be severed from these Terms but shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the other remaining provisions.
Entire Agreement 
These Terms, together with our Privacy Policy constitute the entire and sole agreement between You and Us with respect to the Services and supersedes all prior understandings, arrangements, or agreements, whether written or oral, regarding the Services.
Governing Law 
These Terms shall be interpreted and governed in accordance with the Laws of the Federal Republic of Nigeria.
Dispute Resolution by Arbitration
For any and all controversies, disputes, demands, claims, or causes of action between you and us (including the interpretation and scope of this section and the arbitrability of the controversy, dispute, demand, claim, or cause of action) relating to the Services or these Terms, you and we agree to resolve any such controversy, dispute, demand, claim, or cause of action exclusively through binding and confidential arbitration. As used in this Section, "we" and "us" mean MEDFESTCARE and its affiliates, predecessors, successors, and assignees and all of its and their respective employees, officers, directors, agents, and representatives. In addition, "we" and "us" include any third party providing any product, service, or benefit in connection with the Services or these Terms if such third party is named as a co-party with us in any controversy, dispute, demand, claim, or cause of action subject to this Section.
We and you shall use all reasonable endeavours to resolve amicably and in good faith any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement. In the event that we and you are unable to reach a resolution, we and you shall mutually agree on the appointment of a sole arbitrator within fourteen (14) Business Days from when the dispute arises. Where we and you are unable to agree on the appointment of the Arbitrator, such sole arbitrator shall be appointed by the President, the Chartered Institute of Arbitrators, United Kingdom, Nigeria Branch (CIARb Nigeria) on the application of either party.
The venue of the arbitration shall be Lagos State, Nigeria and the language to be used in the arbitral proceedings shall be English. We and you agree that the decision of the Arbitrator shall be final and binding on both of us. Notwithstanding this agreement to arbitrate, either party may seek emergency equitable relief in court in order to maintain the status quo pending arbitration, and each party hereby agrees to submit to the jurisdiction of the court for such purpose. A request for interim measures will not be deemed a waiver of the obligation to arbitrate.
Change of Control 
In the event that MEDFESTCARE is acquired by or merged with a third-party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign the information we have collected from you as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control.
Complaints and Disputes 
If you have any feedback, questions or complaints, contact us via email at hello@medfestcare.app or on Twitter @medfestcare app. When you contact us, please provide us with the relevant information we need to verify your account.
